Removal of emphasis concept (#757)
jpmorganchase/uitk: packages/theme/stories/characteristics/characteristics.stories.mdx

Characteristics are both light/dark and density scoped, meaning that the value the characteristic points to will change according to the values given in the nearest ToolkitProvider. Considering the above, we would get that in light
theme, --uitk-actionable-primary-background resolves to `var(--uitk-action-primary-background)`, which in light theme is `var(--uitk-color-gray-60)` and in dark theme is `var(--uitk-color-gray-300)`, of which foundation tokens then in turn resolve to their respective RGBA values.

> ### Simple customisation using characteristics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Simple customization using characteristics
```

> In the following example, we will show how to customise the Card component through characteristics. Currently, Card only has one variant, using tokens such as `---uitk-container-primary-background` all of it's styling purposes. Here's how it looks by default, shown on a purple Panel for demo purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, we will show how to customize the Card component through characteristics. Currently, Card only has one variant, using tokens such as `---uitk-container-primary-background` all of its styling purposes. Here's how it looks by default, shown on a purple Panel for demo purposes:
```

  --uitkCard-borderRadius: 10px;
  --uitkCard-borderWidth: 3px;
}
```

Note the use of `-secondary` container characteristic tokens provided by UITK that weren't used in Card by default, as well as raw values to further emphasize the component. Now, all we have to do to use this secondary variant styling is pass in the `uitkCard-secondary` class name (this name has been chosen to follow convention, but could really be anything you like):

<Panel style={{ background: "var(--uitk-color-purple-10)" }}>
  <Card className="uitkCard-secondary">
    <div>
      <h1 style={{ margin: "0", lineHeight: "1.3em" }}>
        Card with our secondary styling
      </h1>
      <span>Here is some content</span>
    </div>
  </Card>
</Panel>

Alternatively, we could actually redefine our design to mean that all Card components in our app convey an important message which could be accented. In this case, we'll override with accent characteristics:

```css
.my-app .uitkCard {
  --uitkCard-background: var(--uitk-accent-background);
  --uitkCard-borderColor: var(--uitk-accent-borderColor);
  --uitkCard-color: var(--uitk-accent-foreground);
}
```

> Note how no classname is needed to be passed in, we have just redefined the Card's styling at a higher specificity, to produce the following styling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note how no class name is needed to be passed in. We have just redefined the Card's styling at a higher specificity, to produce the following styling:
```
